[Music]
get a i'm star low and on bushy and in
this instructional video we want to
share with you an integrated system that
has changed the way we go fishing it's a
system that's wireless tournaments call
us more and bigger fish and
reinvigorated our passion for the sport
so come along with us now as we share
with you the secrets of Squiggy success
come on light this delightful body of
water is mallacoota Inlet in eastern
Victoria not far from the New South
Wales border it's typical of a host of
southern estrine stretching all the way
from Fraser Island in Queensland
to Tasmania is duelin to the south and
across to Perth Swan River in the West
it represents the sort of waterway that
a vast majority of Aussie anglers fish
regularly for popular species such as
grim flathead mulloway or jewfish
whiting an s3 perch all of which are
prime targets for our blue fox squeegees
and for the system that we've devised
been using them squeegees is a fun name
that bushy and I came up with a few
years ago to describe soft plastic lures
these lures have been around for a long
time but it's only in the last few years
that their use has really taken off here
in Australia as local anglers have
started catching a wider range of fish
on them in both salt and freshwater
today we're fishing out a Bushies tricky
little punt with a bow mounted electric
motor and that is a lovely way to go
fishing but don't get the idea that
you've got to have a state-of-the-art
rig like this one just to catch fish on
squeegees you don't you can catch them
off the bank you can catch them waiting
along fishing on a war for a jetty out
of a little kayak or canoe or any other
kind of boat that you can get into
either drifting along or a tanker far
more important than any of that stuff is
how you rig and present the squeegee
itself and that's what I want to show
you right now I'll take one of these out
of the car he's not bad he's got one
bushy you are hopeless
not a bad fish 800 sorry Steve I just
had my squidgy in the water for two
casts I couldn't help myself and look at
this flattered he's just engulfed that
squidgy second cast of the day sorry
mate I'll let you go back to explaining
how to rig it you're not bad it's pretty
hard to get good help I tell you bushy
just try not to hook one for another
minute or so while I show the folks how
to put the tail on the jig head right
now I'm going to take this one out of
the package this is actually my last in
a packet of six number three squidgy
fish in the black gold color which I
really like in fairly clear water now
I'm going to empty pack it there now I'm
not going to throw it over the side and
please don't do that take all your
empties and bits of plastic home with
you I'll just stick that in my pocket
now to rig this on the jig head and to
read any of the squeegee tails on any of
the heads it's very important to match
them up correctly and get it straight
and the first thing to do is to measure
the jig head alongside the tail like I'm
doing there just put the nose of the
soft plastic tile up against the lead of
the jig head and have a look where the
bend of the hook comes to because that
is where you're going to want the point
to exit when you rig it now I'll note
that's about that's about half a
centimetre or less back into that little
dorsal fin on the back of the soft
plastic so now I take it and I go right
into the center of the front of the head
just push it onto the hook and just work
the soft plastic tail around the bend of
the hook and then I bring that point out
as near as I can to the midline of the
plastic right at that point where I
marked before and just feed it around
the bend of the hook and push the head
up over that little wire keep a prong
and there you go you can see it's lying
nice and straight on the hook and even
more importantly that hook is exiting
right on the midline of the tail look a
couple of extra seconds spent at this
stage can make a big difference to your
results that's ready to catch a fish now
I'm going to chuck it in the water and
see if I can get one
now Steve showed you how to rig this Lou